---
title: 'Wanting It'
author: 'Greg Barbosa'
description: ''
featured: false
category: ''
pubDate: '2026-01-22'
updatedDate: '2026-01-22'
draft: true
---

It's a wild feeling to want something, know that you're positively going in that direction, but you're just not there yet. And it's hard to talk to others in this state because you're talking about things as though they're about to happen tomorrow, but to others you're not getting those things for a long time. In fact, you might've been talking about things in that way for so often with different people that they've started to show their annoyance with you. That one hurts.

For the first time in maybe forever, I realized I hadn't ever really gone hard for myself. I haven't spent the time to figure out who I could really be, or the goals I truly wanted to have. At 33 I realized I accomplished all the obvious goals I had wanted. At 33 I realized those goals weren't big enough.

Thus, I pivoted. Everything. Shutdown my business. Took on a job. Hyper-focused on debt repayment and financial literacy. Worked through the complexity, embarrassment, and anxiety that is _personal finance_. Really pushed myself to accept less today so that I could have more tomorrow. And it's worked out _great_. I paid tens of thousands of dollars in debt off, while still increasing my savings and investments. I even got to travel and visits places like West Virginia and Italy.

But at the same time, I'm saying no to so many other things. I often spent the past four years with a broken down car. A car I would rather leave broken for months on end to instead use the money to shave off a little more of my debt. And it worked out! But boy did it rock my mental health. As much of an introvert as I am, I do love my friends and family. I'm so lucky to be surrounded by so many people I want to hang out with. Not seeing them in person for months really sucked. It kinda feels like COVID days, but everyone's allowed to hang out without you.

I'm 35 now and I'm so grateful for the past two years and what I've accomplished. But these last two years have crushed me in a way I never expected. I hate even writing this because I'm literally complaining about too many good things happening, but it just really hurt. And maybe this pain is just a conscious part of me desiring and wanting more from the relationships I have because I'm selfish for the joy they bring me or maybe I just need a nap.
